In default, the intel compiler (such as ifort/mpiifort or ifx/mpiifx) is recommended. If you use a gnu compiler, you can comment flags for the intel compiler 
and uncomments those for the gnu compiler in the Makefile.

This program includes three parts, i.e. AFTAN (original author, University of Colorado Boulder), ANCC (original author [v2.0], Xingli Fan), TF_PWS (original author, Guoliang Li).
The first part implements time-frequency analysis to extract dispersion curves for ambient noise tomography.
The second part computes the cross-correlation function with MPI parallel computing.
The third part implements a phase-weighted stack of cross-correlation.

After v3.0, all parts are single precision, which leads to a significant performance improvement.
Any goto syntaxes are removed. All arrays are dynamically allocated based on the length of data instead of 32768 in the original version.
In this version, a lot of errors have been corrected.

In the original version, all FFT operations are directly applied to time-domain signals. Because FFT requires a periodic signal, 
thus it will lead to some spurious oscillations at zero lag. A cosine taper is applied before FFT in the time domain, which can suppress
non-physical zero-arrival spurious oscillations. Many unnecessary file copy and movement operations existed. 
In addition, the length of the cross-correlation of two signals with the length of M and N is M+N-1. However, the original version allocates the same length arrays 
for cross-correlation and signal itself, it will lead to potential aliasing in truncated frequency points.
After v4.0, different lengths of arrays for cross-correlation and signal are adopted.
All unnecessary file copy and movement are avoided, and a slight performance improvement is obtained.

In the original version, a master process sends and receives task information, while other slave processors do the real computation.
However, this is completely unnecessary. After redesigning the framework, the master/slave mode is removed. All processors can do real computation.
Thus, any message-passing parts are avoided. It leads to a significant efficiency improvement.
After v5.0, master/slave mode is removed. Some constants are moved to a module and initialized. Many subroutines are optimized.
And some related operations are merged, thus many unnecessary file I/O are avoided.

Although master/slave mode has been removed in v5.0, however, database-constructing part is still serial. It usually takes tens of hours. It significantly lowers efficiency.
After 6.0, the database-constructing part is also parallelized. The database struct is redesigned. As a result, the access order of the array is the same as the storage order 
in computer memory. Further performance is obtained.

Now the computation for multiple components (such as ZZ, ZN, ZE, NZ, NN, NE, EZ, EN, EE) is ready.


In version 7.0, data overlap is allowed.



# Change Log
· 21th Mar. 2021: Calculation of auto-correlation functions is supported.

· 13th Jul. 2022: Outputing prestack cross-correlation functions is supported.

· 31th Aug. 2023: Redesigned Makefile. The config.h used in the old versions can be automake by two bash scripts, you just need to select the MPIFC in the Makefile.
				  Now, it supports Intel, GNU, and PGI Compilers. If you want to modify the guess.flags or anything else to adapt it to other compilers or systems, let me know so that we can make your modifications available to others.
                  Fix some errors in ./src/TF_PWS/st.c

· 12th Nov. 2023: Redesigned database structs to save memory and improve MPI communications.

· 7th Nov. 2024: Fix many errors in AFTAN.
